Update Docs for Pytest (#3131)
yt-project/yt: doc/source/developing/testing.rst

Testing
=======

yt includes a testing suite that one can run on the code base to ensure that no
breaks in functionality have occurred. This suite is based on the `pytest <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/>`_ testing framework and consists of two types of tests:

> * Unit tests. These make sure that an small pieces of code run (or fail) as intended in predictable contexts. See :ref:`unit_testing`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unit tests. These make sure that small pieces of code run (or fail) as intended in predictable contexts. See :ref:`unit_testing`.
```

Additionally, if you only want to run a specific test in a test file (rather than all of the tests contained in the file), such as, ``test_all_fields`` in ``plot_window.py``, you can do so by running:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ pytest yt/visualization/tests/test_plotwindow.py::test_all_fields

from the yt source code rood directory.

See the pytest documentation for more on how to `invoke pytest <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/usage.html?highlight=invocation>`_ and `select tests <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/usage.html#specifying-tests-selecting-tests>`_.

Unit Test Tools
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

yt provides several helper functions and decorators to write unit tests. These tools all reside in the ``yt.testing``
module.  Describing them all in detail is outside the scope of this
document, as in some cases they belong to other packages.

How To Write New Unit Tests
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To create new unit tests:

#. Create a new ``tests/`` directory next to the file containing the
   functionality you want to test and add an empty ``__init__.py`` file to
   it.
   #. If a ``tests/`` directory already exists, there is no need to create a new one.

> #. Inside this new ``tests/`` directory, create a new python file prefixed with ``test_`` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  #. Inside this new ``tests/`` directory, create a new Python file prefixed with ``test_`` and
```

   including the name of the functionality or source file being tested.

>    #. If a file testing the functionality you're interested in already exists, please add your tests to the existing file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. If a file testing the functionality you're interested in already exists, please add your tests there.
```

#. Inside this new ``test_`` file, create one or more routines prefixed with ``test_`` that
   accept no arguments.
#. Each test function should do some work that tests some
   functionality and should also verify that the results are correct using
   assert statements or functions.

> #. If a dataset is needed, use ``fake_random_ds``, ``fake_amr_ds``, or ``fake_particle_ds`` (the former two of which have a particle ``True``/``False`` option that may be utilized) and be sure to test for

Reviewer: I think this is erroneous: `fake_random_ds` and `fake_amr_ds` have a `particles` args but it looks from the signatures that it's supposed to be an int, while `fake_particle_ds` interestingly has no such arg

Here is what a minimal example might look like for a new frontend:

.. code-block:: python

    # Content of yt/frontends/new_frontend/tests/test_outputs.py
    import pytest

    from yt.utilities.answer_testing.answer_tests import field_values

    # Parameters to test with
    ds1 = "my_first_dataset"
    ds2 = "my_second_dataset"
    field1 = ("Gas", "Density")
    field2 = ("Gas", "Temperature")
    obj1 = None
    obj2 = ("sphere", ("c", (0.1, "unitary")))

    @pytest.mark.answer_test
    class TestNewFrontend:
        answer_file = None
        saved_hashes = None
        answer_version = "000"

        @pytest.mark.usefixtures("hashing")
        @pytest.mark.parametrize("ds", [ds1, ds2], indirect=True)
        @pytest.mark.parametrize("field", [field1, field2], indirect=True)
        @pytest.mark.parametrize("dobj", [obj1, obj2], indirect=True)
        def test_fields(self, ds, field, dobj):

>             self.hashes.update("field_values" : field_values(ds, field, dobj))

Reviewer: this should fix the error detected with pre-commit ci (blacken-docs can't parse this because it's not valid Python)
```suggestion
            self.hashes.update({"field_values" : field_values(ds, field, dobj)})
```

Testing
=======

> yt includes a testing suite that one can run on the code base to assure that no

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
yt includes a testing suite that one can run on the code base to ensure that no
```

Reviewer: @jcoughlin11 resolved ?

Reviewer 3: should definitely be ensure

breaks in functionality have occurred. This suite is based on the `pytest <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/>`_ testing framework and consists of two types of tests:

> * Unit tests. These confirm that an isolated piece of functionality runs without failure for inputs with known correct outputs.

Reviewer 2: +1 to this suggestion

> * Unit tests. These confirm that an isolated piece of functionality runs without failure for inputs with known correct outputs.

Reviewer 2: Link "unit tests" here to the section below that describes them in more detail.

Reviewer: @jcoughlin11 resolved ?

> * Answer tests. These generate output from user-visible yt functions and compare this output against the output produced using an older, "known good", version of yt.

Reviewer 2: User-visible yt functions is a little clunky I think. What about something like 
```suggestion
* Answer tests. These generate output from the user-facing yt API and compare this output against the output produced using an older, "known good", version of yt.
```

Reviewer: @jcoughlin11 resolved ?

> * Answer tests. These generate output from user-visible yt functions and compare this output against the output produced using an older, "known good", version of yt.

Reviewer 2: Link "answer tests" here to the section below that describes them in more detail

Reviewer: @jcoughlin11 resolved ?

These tests ensure consistency in results as development proceeds.

> The testing suite should be run locally by developers to make sure they aren't

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend that developers run tests locally on changed features
when developing to help ensure that new code does not break
existing functionality. To further this goal and ensure that changes do not
propagate errors or have unintentional consequences on the rest of the 
codebase, the full test suite is run through our continuous integration (CI) servers. 
CI is run on push on open pull requests on a variety of computational platforms 
using GitHub actions and 
a `continuous integration server <https://tests.yt-project.org>`_ at the University 
of Illinois. The full test suite may take several hours to run, so we do not 
recommend running it locally. 
```

Reviewer: @jcoughlin11 resolved ?

.. _nosetests:
yt includes a testing suite that one can run on the code base to assure that no
breaks in functionality have occurred. This suite is based on the `pytest <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/>`_ testing framework and consists of two types of tests:

* Unit tests. These confirm that an isolated piece of functionality runs without failure for inputs with known correct outputs.

* Answer tests. These generate output from user-visible yt functions and compare this output against the output produced using an older, "known good", version of yt.

These tests ensure consistency in results as development proceeds.

The testing suite should be run locally by developers to make sure they aren't
checking in any code that breaks existing functionality.  To further this goal,
an automatic buildbot runs the test suite after each code commit to confirm
that yt hasn't broken recently.  To supplement this effort, we also maintain a

> `continuous integration server <https://tests.yt-project.org>`_ that runs the

Reviewer 2: why was this deleted? We still run on jenkins.

Author: My bad. I readded it.

> checking in any code that breaks existing functionality. Additionally, as a safeguard, the test suite is automatically run after each commit that is pushed to the yt repository on github.

Reviewer 2: I agree. I think this section we should update. I think very few developers will run the entire test suite locally. I've made a suggestion to reflect it here.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

One can run the unit tests by navigating to the base directory of the yt git
repository and invoking ``pytest``:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ cd $YT_GIT
   $ pytest

where ``$YT_GIT`` is the path to the root of the yt git repository.

If you only want to run tests in a specific file, you can do so by specifying the path of the test relative to the
``$YT_GIT/`` directory. For example, if you want to run the ``plot_window`` tests, you'd
run:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ pytest yt/visualization/tests/test_plotwindow.py

> Additionally, if you only want to run, say, ``test_all_fields`` in ``plot_window.py``, you can do so by running:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
from the yt source code root directory. 
Additionally, if you only want to run a specific test in a
test file (rather than all of the tests contained in the file),
such as, ``test_all_fields`` in ``plot_window.py``, you can do so by running:
```

experimental project that yt depends on optionally might change sufficiently
that the yt community decides not to support an old version of that project.
.. code-block:: bash

To handle cases like this, the versions of upstream software projects installed
on the machines running the yt test suite are pinned to specific version
numbers that must be updated manually. This prevents breaking the yt tests when
a new version of an upstream dependency is released and allows us to manage
updates in upstream projects at our pace.
    $ pytest yt/visualization/tests/test_plotwindow.py::test_all_fields

If you would like to add a new dependency for yt (even an optional dependency)
or would like to update a version of a yt dependency, you must edit the
``tests/test_requirements.txt`` file, this path is relative to the root of the
repository. This file contains an enumerated list of direct dependencies and
pinned version numbers. For new dependencies, simply append the name of the new
dependency to the end of the file, along with a pin to the latest version
number of the package. To update a package's version, simply update the version

> number in the entry for that package.

Reviewer 2: all of this information on dependencies is important for development. Has it moved elsewhere? We should have narrative documentation of it remaining in our development docs.

Reviewer: now that you mention it... it's also a conflict with #3236, where I'm _updating_ this doc.

> See this `link <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/usage.html?highlight=invocation>`_ for more on how to invoke pytest.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the `pytest documentation on invocation <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/usage.html?highlight=invocation>`_ for more on how to invoke pytest.
```

Reviewer: @jcoughlin11 resolved ?

> See this `link <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/usage.html?highlight=invocation>`_ for more on how to invoke pytest.

Author: I pretty much removed most of the section and replaced it with a link to the docs. Is that what you had in mind?

> See this `link <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/usage.html?highlight=invocation>`_ for more on how to invoke pytest.

Reviewer: yes. Though this is your second reply today in which you seem to indicate you've performed a change, but I'm not seeing any. Did you forget to push ?

> See this `link <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/usage.html?highlight=invocation>`_ for more on how to invoke pytest.

Author: My bad, I was commenting as I edited locally and then was going to push. I won't do that anymore.

See this `link <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/usage.html?highlight=invocation>`_ for more on how to invoke pytest.

> Finally, we also run a set of tests with "minimal" dependencies installed. Please make sure any new tests you add that depend on an optional dependency are properly set up so that the test is not run if the dependency is not installed. If for some reason you need to update the listing of packages that are installed for the "minimal" dependency tests, you will need to edit ``tests/test_minimal_requirements.txt``.

Reviewer 2: This section on minimal dependencies should remain too. We still run these and this is an important feature of our testing infrastructure.

> module.  Describing them all in detail is somewhat outside the scope of this
> document. However, a few come
> in handy:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
module.  The interested developer may choose to browse the source code 
to learn all of them. However, a few notable functions that are often 
useful to developers are:
```

Reviewer: @jcoughlin11 resolved ?

> * :func:`~yt.testing.assert_allclose_units` raises an error if two arrays are

Reviewer: I agree it's simpler to just refer to the module, but I'd still like to have numpy mentioned, since they do the heavy lifting. Btw I'm not sure those qualify as "wrappers", it looks to me like they are merely aliased (and I still don't see the reason _why_ it is so, but that's out of scope here)

>    it.

Reviewer 2: Add a sentence here saying what to do if a tests/ folder already exists, since it is likely (unless they are writing a frontend) that there will be one there already.

>    including the name of the functionality.

Reviewer: In practice many unit test files don't use the name of a specific functionality but rather mirror the name of the source file being tested.

> #. Inside this new ``test_`` file, create one or more routines prefixed with ``test_`` that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Inside this new ``test_`` file, create functions  prefixed with ``test_`` that
```

> #. Each test function should do some work that tests some
>    functionality and should also verify that the results are correct using
>    assert statements or functions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Each test function should checks
   functionality and should also verify that the results are correct using
   assert statements or functions.
```

> #. If a dataset is needed, use ``fake_random_ds`` and be sure to test for

Reviewer: note that `fake_random_ds` is a *grid* based dataset, I don't think it can be used for particle-data specific tests (can it ??)

Reviewer 2: `fake_random_ds` and `fake_amr_ds` both have a particle True/False option that can be used with them. We also have `fake_particle_ds`. All of them should probably be mentioned here.

Author: I altered it. Let me know what you think.

>     pytest --pdb

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    $ pytest --pdb
```

> In addition, one can debug more crudely using print statements. To do this,

Reviewer 2: Before talking about print statements, I would link to the pytest documentation on dropping into a debugger. The set_trace() and breakpoint() stuff is useful and there's no need for us to repeat it here but it'd be nice to have a convenient link from our docs.

you can add print statements to the code as normal. However, the test runner
will capture all print output by default. To ensure that output gets printed

> to your terminal while the tests are running, pass ``-s`` to the ``pytest``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to your terminal while the tests are running, pass ``-s`` (which will disable
stdout and stderr capturing) to the ``pytest``
```

Reviewer: @jcoughlin11 resolved ?

executable.

.. code-block:: bash

>     pytest -s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ pytest -s
```

Lastly, to quickly debug a specific failing test, it is best to only run that
one test during your testing session. This can be accomplished by explicitly
passing the name of the test function or class to ``pytest``, as in the
following example:

.. code-block:: bash

>     $ pytest yt/visualization/tests/test_plotwindow.py::TestSetWidth

Reviewer: again, this section looks like unnecessary to me since we can link to 
https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/usage.html#specifying-tests-selecting-tests
instead

This pytest invocation will only run the tests defined by the
``TestSetWidth`` class.

Finally, to determine which test is failing while the tests are running, it helps

> to run the tests in "verbose" mode. This can be done by passing the ``-v`` option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to run the tests in "verbose" mode. This can be done by passing ``-v/-vv/-vvv``
```

Reviewer 2: We should expand on what `-vv` and `-vvv` mean if this change is included.

Reviewer: Indeed this is not very explicit in the pytest docs (yet)... https://docs.pytest.org/en/6.2.x/reference.html?highlight=verbose#command-line-flags

to the ``pytest`` executable.

.. code-block:: bash

    $ pytest -v

All of the above ``pytest`` options can be combined. So, for example, to run
the ``TestSetWidth`` tests with verbose output, letting the output of print
statements come out on the terminal prompt, and enabling pdb debugging on errors
or test failures, one would do:

.. code-block:: bash

>     $ pytest --pdb -v -s yt/visualization/tests/test_plotwindow.py::TestSetWidth

Reviewer: Maybe it's just me but I find this more realistic because I tend to construct such commands by appending to the previous one with increasing levels of despair.
```suggestion
    $ pytest yt/visualization/tests/test_plotwindow.py::TestSetWidth -v -s --pdb
```

> More pytest options can be found by using the ``-h`` option

Reviewer: `-h` works but I tend to lean towards full names because I usually can't remember what individual letter flags do, so I favour the more universally memorable version
```suggestion
More pytest options can be found by using the ``--help`` flag
```

.. code-block:: bash

>     $ pytest -h

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ pytest --help
```

.. _answer_testing:

Answer Testing
--------------

What Do Answer Tests Do
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Answer tests use `actual data <https://yt-project.org/data/>`_ to test reading, writing, and various manipulations of that data.

Reviewer 2: Add back in the frontends sentence here, since most of our new users will end up needing to write answers for frontends and generally this is the first step for frontend testing.

> In order to ensure that each of these operations are performed correctly, yt has a set of yaml files containing the known correct results of having performed these operations. These files are called gold standard answer files. More generally, an answer file is a yaml file containing the results of having run the answer tests.
> 
> When the answer tests are run, their output is compared to the gold standard answers to ensure that the results of operating on data do not change over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to ensure that each of these operations are performed correctly, we store gold standard
versions of yaml files called answer files. More generally, an answer file is a yaml file containing the
results of having run the answer tests, which can be compared to a reference, enabling us to
control that results do not drift over time.
```

.. _run_answer_testing:

How to Run the Answer Tests
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

In order to run the answer tests locally:

* Create a directory to hold the data required by the answer tests one wishes to run

> * Fill this directory with the required data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add folders of the required data to this directory. Other yt data, such as ``IsolatedGalaxy`` can be downloaded to this directory as well. 
```

Next, yt needs to be made aware of where it can find the data. This is done by setting the config parameter ``test_data_dir`` to the

> directory with the test data downloaded from https://yt-project.org/data/. For example,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
path of the directory with the test data downloaded from https://yt-project.org/data/. For example,
```

.. code-block:: bash

   $ yt config set yt test_data_dir /Users/tomservo/src/yt-data

To run the answer tests locally, you must first generate a set of gold standard answer files using a "known good" version of yt. Once done, then update to the version of yt you want to test and
run the tests again so that the results can be compared to those contained in the gold standard answer files.

> As an example, let's focus on running the answer tests for the tipsy frontend.

Reviewer 2: It would be good to talk about the generation of test answers here, and how one would get newly generated answers from CI if they write new tests.

.. note::
    It's possible to run the answer tests for **all** the frontends, but due to the large number of test datasets we currently use this is not normally done except on the yt project's contiguous integration server.

.. code-block:: bash

   $ cd $YT_GIT

>    $ pytest --with-answer-testing --answer-store --local-dir="$HOME/Documents/test" -k "TestTipsy"

Reviewer 2: where are they running this command from? The top yt git directory? Do they need to specify the path to the Tipsy tests?

>    $ pytest --with-answer-testing --answer-store --local-dir="$HOME/Documents/test" -k "TestTipsy"

Reviewer 2: each flag from this command should be explained below.

This command will run the tipsy answer tests and, because of the presence of the ``--answer-store`` option, save the results in a local gold standard answer file in ``$HOME/Documents/test``.

.. note::

>     The path specified by ``--local-dir`` can, but does not have to be, the same directory as the ``test_data_dir`` configuration variable.

Reviewer 2: You should explain this more. Say what `local-dir` is being used for. Also suggest why one might want to always choose different folders here (for example, data used as inputs to yt should probably be separate from files generated by the answer tests)

The gold standard answer file will be named ``tipsy_answers_xyz.yaml``, where ``xyz`` denotes the version number of the gold standard answers.

.. note::

>     The answer version number is determined by the ``answer_version`` attribute of the class being tested (e.g., ``TestTipsy.answer_version``).

Reviewer 2: This doesn't need to be a note, I think. Add it as a sentence after the previous line.

    field2 = ("Gas", "Temperature")
    obj1 = None
    obj2 = ("sphere", ("c", (0.1, "unitary")))

    @pytest.mark.answer_test
    class TestNewFrontend:
        answer_file = None
        saved_hashes = None
        answer_version = "000"

        @pytest.mark.usefixtures("hashing")
        @pytest.mark.parametrize("ds", [ds1, ds2], indirect=True)
        @pytest.mark.parametrize("field", [field1, field2], indirect=True)
        @pytest.mark.parametrize("dobj", [obj1, obj2], indirect=True)
        def test_fields(self, ds, field, dobj):
            self.hashes.update({"field_values": field_values(ds, field, dobj)})

Answer test examples can be found in ``yt/frontends/enzo/tests/test_outputs.py``.

How to Write Image Comparison Tests
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Many of yt's operations involve creating and manipulating images. As such, we have a number of tests designed to compare images. These tests employ functionality from matplotlib to automatically compare images and detect
differences, if any. Image comparison tests are used in the plotting and volume
rendering machinery.

The easiest way to use the image comparison tests is to make use of the

> ``generic_image`` function. As an argument, this function takes a function the test machinery can call which will save an image to disk. The test will then find any images that get created and compare them with the  stored "correct" answer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``generic_image`` function. As an argument, this function takes a function the test machinery can call which will save an image to disk. The test will then find any images that get created and compare them with the stored "correct" answer.
```

Here is an example test function (from ``yt/visualization/tests/test_raw_field_slices.py``):

.. code-block:: python

    import pytest

    import yt
    from yt.utilities.answer_testing.answer_tests import generic_image
    from yt.utilities.answer_testing.testing_utilities import data_dir_load, requires_ds

    # Test data
    raw_fields = "Laser/plt00015"

    def compare(ds, field):
        def slice_image(im_name):
            sl = yt.SlicePlot(ds, "z", field)
            sl.set_log("all", False)
            image_file = sl.save(im_name)
            return image_file

        gi = generic_image(slice_image)
        # generic_image returns a list. In this case, there's only one entry,
        # which is a np array with the data we want

>         return gi[0]

Reviewer: sounds like you'd want to add this
```suggestion
        assert len(gi) == 1
        return gi[0]
```

answers). If no other failures are present, you can then increment the version number to regenerate
the answers. This way, we can avoid accidentally covering up test breakages.

.. _handling_dependencies:

Handling yt Dependencies
------------------------

We attempt to make yt compatible with a wide variety of upstream software
versions. However, sometimes a specific version of a project that yt depends on
causes some breakage and must be blacklisted in the tests or a more
experimental project that yt depends on optionally might change sufficiently
that the yt community decides not to support an old version of that project.

To handle cases like this, the versions of upstream software projects installed
on the machines running the yt test suite are pinned to specific version
numbers that must be updated manually. This prevents breaking the yt tests when
a new version of an upstream dependency is released and allows us to manage
updates in upstream projects at our pace.

If you would like to add a new dependency for yt (even an optional dependency)
or would like to update a version of a yt dependency, you must edit the

> ``tests/test_requirements.txt`` file, this path is relative to the root of the

Reviewer: this is fine for now, but note that I'm planning to unify our requirement files into setup.cfg so unless that project is rejected I'll be updating this section later :)

Reviewer: @jcoughlin11 this still needs to be adressed/answered

Author: @neutrinoceros Oh, sorry, I didn't think I needed to do anything since your work was in a different PR. I was thinking your changes would get added in after this PR was merged. Did I misunderstand?

Answer tests use `actual data <https://yt-project.org/data/>`_ to test reading, writing, and various manipulations of that data. Answer tests are how we test frontends, as opposed to operations, in yt.

In order to ensure that each of these operations are performed correctly, we store gold standard versions of yaml files called answer files. More generally, an answer file is a yaml file containing the results of having run the answer tests, which can be compared to a reference, enabling us to control that results do not drift over time.

.. _run_answer_testing:

How to Run the Answer Tests
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

In order to run the answer tests locally:

* Create a directory to hold the data you'll be using for the answer tests you'll be writing or the answer tests you'll be running. This directory should be outside the yt git repository in a place that is logical to where you would normally store data.

* Add folders of the required data to this directory. Other yt data, such as ``IsolatedGalaxy``, can be downloaded to this directory as well.

* Tell yt where it can find the data. This is done by setting the config parameter ``test_data_dir`` to the path of the

> directory with the test data downloaded from https://yt-project.org/data/. For example,

Reviewer: I think this line is causing the one and only new warning in the docs build:
```
/var/jenkins_home/workspace/ya_docs_new/doc/source/developing/testing.rst:174: WARNING: Bullet list ends without a blank line; unexpected unindent.
```
here's a suggestion to fix it
```suggestion
directory with the test data downloaded from `the yt hub <https://yt-project.org/data/>`_. For example,
```

Another good example of an image comparison test is the
``plot_window_attribute`` defined in the ``yt/utilities/answer_testing/answer_tests.py`` and used in
``yt/visualization/tests/test_plotwindow.py``. This sort of image comparison
test is more useful if you are finding yourself writing a ton of boilerplate
code to get your image comparison test working.  The ``generic_image`` function is
more useful if you only need to do a one-off image comparison test.

Updating Answers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In order to regenerate answers for a particular set of tests it is sufficient to
change the ``answer_version`` attribute in the desired test class.

When adding tests to an existing set of answers (like ``local_owls_000.yaml`` or ``local_varia_000.yaml``),
it is considered best practice to first submit a pull request adding the tests WITHOUT incrementing
the version number. Then, allow the tests to run (resulting in "no old answer" errors for the missing
answers). If no other failures are present, you can then increment the version number to regenerate
the answers. This way, we can avoid accidentally covering up test breakages.

.. _handling_dependencies:

> Handling yt dependencies

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Handling yt Dependencies
```

causes some breakage and must be blacklisted in the tests or a more
experimental project that yt depends on optionally might change sufficiently
that the yt community decides not to support an old version of that project.

To handle cases like this, the versions of upstream software projects installed
on the machines running the yt test suite are pinned to specific version
numbers that must be updated manually. This prevents breaking the yt tests when
a new version of an upstream dependency is released and allows us to manage
updates in upstream projects at our pace.

If you would like to add a new dependency for yt (even an optional dependency)
or would like to update a version of a yt dependency, you must edit the
``tests/test_requirements.txt`` file, this path is relative to the root of the
repository. This file contains an enumerated list of direct dependencies and
pinned version numbers. For new dependencies, simply append the name of the new
dependency to the end of the file, along with a pin to the latest version
number of the package. To update a package's version, simply update the version
number in the entry for that package.

> Finally, we also run a set of tests with "minimal" dependencies installed. Please make sure any new tests you add that depend on an optional dependency are properly set up so that the test is not run if the dependency is not installed. If for some reason you need to update the listing of packages that are installed for the "minimal" dependency tests, you will need to edit ``tests/test_minimal_requirements.txt``.

Reviewer 4: Not necessarily pytest related but I think it would be helpful to explain the following sentence a bit more: "Please make sure any new tests you add that depend on an optional dependency are properly set up." Maybe replace with something like:

"When adding tests that depend on an optional dependency, you can wrap the test with the `yt.testing.requires_module` decorator to ensure it does not run during the minimial dependency tests (see `yt/frontends/amrvac/tests/test_read_amrvac_namelist.py` for a good example)."   

(note: I'm not actually sure if this is the way to "properly set up". maybe there are other better ways? maybe it's changed with pytest? but it'd be nice to explain a little bit of what "properly set up" means.)

The easiest way to use the image comparison tests is to make use of the
``GenericImageTest`` class. This class takes three arguments:
   .. note::

      Tests that do not have this decorator are considered to be unit tests.

* A dataset instance (e.g. something you load with ``yt.load`` or
  ``data_dir_load``)
* A function the test machinery can call which will save an image to disk. The
  test class will then find any images that get created and compare them with the
  stored "correct" answer.
* An integer specifying the number of decimal places to use when comparing
  images. A smaller number of decimal places will produce a less stringent test.
  Matplotlib uses an L2 norm on the full image to do the comparison tests, so
  this is not a pixel-by-pixel measure, and surprisingly large variations will
  still pass the test if the strictness of the comparison is not high enough.
#. Add the following three attributes to the class: ``answer_file=None``, ``saved_hashes=None``, and ``answer_version=000``. These attributes are used by the ``hashing`` fixture (discussed below) to automate the creation of new answer files as well as facilitate the comparison to existing answers.

> You *must* decorate your test function with ``requires_ds``, otherwise the

Reviewer 4: is the `requires_ds` decorator no longer required? Looks like it's used in updated ImageComparison test example. If we still need it, would be nice to describe when it needs to be used.

Author: If the test parameterizes the ds (or list of datasets), then it isn't needed since the `ds` fixture will check to make sure the dataset exists. If it doesn't, the test is marked as failed. The decorator is still useful if you're not parameterizing the datasets, though. I'll make this clearer in the docs, thanks!

Reviewer: wait. I thought we agreed to update the `requires_ds` decorator so that tests requiring missing data samples would be marked as SKIP (used to be PASS). Unless I'm missing an important difference between `requires_ds` and the new `ds` fixture, I think this is still the right thing to do (having tests shown as FAILLED while we don't even meet the requirements to run them feels like a very easy way to waste a lot of time spent in confusion).

coverage can later help us catch tests that are skipped on every run (across all OSes for example), and maybe _this_ should be considered a failure.

Reviewer 2: Hey @jcoughlin11 I think this discussion still needs resolution

Reviewer: > so I don't believe the requires_ds fixture is needed anymore.

I'm sure you mean the decorator. Well it's still used somewhere between 80 and 150 times throughout the code base so I don't get it. Is the plan to replace it with the `ds` fixture ?
